
root := ..
subdirs :=
pre-targets := 
targets :=
headers += Greek2Greek.h
headers += GreekChars.h
headers += canon.h
headers += cipherfil.h
headers += echomod.h
headers += femain.h
headers += filemgr.h
headers += gbffootnotes.h
headers += gbfhtml.h
headers += gbfplain.h
headers += gbfrtf.h
headers += gbfstrongs.h
headers += hrefcom.h
headers += listkey.h
headers += plainhtml.h
headers += rawcom.h
headers += rawfiles.h
headers += rawgbf.h
headers += rawld.h
headers += rawstr.h
headers += rawtext.h
headers += rawverse.h
headers += regex.h
headers += rwphtml.h
headers += rwprtf.h
headers += sapphire.h
headers += strkey.h
headers += swcipher.h
headers += swcom.h
headers += swcomprs.h
headers += swconfig.h
headers += swdisp.h
headers += swdisprtf.h
headers += swdisprtfchap.h
headers += swfilter.h
headers += swkey.h
headers += swld.h
headers += swlog.h
headers += swmacs.h
headers += swmgr.h
headers += swmodule.h
headers += swtext.h
headers += swwinlog.h
headers += tbdisp.h
headers += unixstr.h
headers += utilconf.h
headers += utilfuns.h
headers += utilstr.h
headers += versekey.h
headers += zcom.h
headers += ztext.h


include ${root}/Makefile.cfg
include ${root}/Makefile.post
